Hello everyone and welcome to the channel
txingas 12 I will teach how to make a
tweezers gun for this we need
the clip with the hook and all without
disassemble a pair of tongs to cut
wire good the wire and then also
so to cut we have to carve
the wood that has tweezers so I
I have here a razor for good one
knife would be good a good knife a
cutter a razor blade whatever
something that cuts very well and the file is
Well, just in case I use it though
either to give blows to start we have
to disassemble the clamp
ah
well we're going to stay with the three
parts that has the dock will be what
that then shoot and the two parties the
we have to cut with a cutter or with
some low a blade whatever it is for
where are we going to mark with the pencil I'm going to
mark the and I teach you good I already have
here marked what you have to cut
we have to cut out all this part the
ditch at the height of this gap that
has here the pieces at the height of
this gap must be cut then here
you have to make a ditch that is where
it's like the canyon is where the
projectile that we are going to launch in this
case a wire this is for both
sides in this part of here that you see is
deeper this is so that it
hitch
this piece metal quote this piece of
metal is going to hook one side here the
mestre web is left and the other one here we have
to cut back a little so that you can hold on
better because here it is now rounded
so you do not see that it rounds and you can
letting go and giving the blow is not the hand
well then let's cut it out with
this we are removing little by little
and I teach you
well we have finished we have it already
all carved that do not forget to see there
have this part here
this has to be carved this here is that
detail the line for the guide and this
another hole that is bigger more
deep yet to unite the only thing that
we have to do is place it before
join the piece of metal place it
we have to stay like this and now the other
part simply paste it with glue
with good wire I'm going to use the
wire because it is faster than the tail
then we put like this
and with a piece of wire
Y
with a hungry bowl we're going to stick it
yes
ah
Well, the gun would be ready now.
to prove it and show them the good cause
to use it what we have to do is
first load the weapon we have to throw
this tab here until the hole that
there is here
it has to be such that
then cut a piece of straight wire
one side we have to cut it like this
angle so that to make the tip of
the arrow or whatever you want to call it
and the other side should be flat not
straighten everything possible
and we put it in, we have to put it in the
side that we have cut plane
A) Yes
well I would be ready to shoot
now just when we press this
work is going to shoot
well let's do a few more
tests
we see how it sticks perfectly
you see that this video is not cut or
nothing that I'm hitting four of four
or five I do not know how many
one or the other if it fails but if
you do well the truth is that it is very
effective